Transcription ===
**This will be my marked down document. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp *Italics*

A very instructive lecture was recently delivered before the Yorkville Library association, upon the *"Physical Structure of Man,"* by De. CD Griswold. The lecturer commenced with some general remarks upon the progress of physical science in the present age, and especially in all that pertains to "speed", while Heath, the great element of individual, and in the agregate, of national prosperity is greatly neglected. 

&nbsp;&nbsp; As an example to show how necesary it is to know the funcitions of the various organs, in order to be able to take a rational care of health, the structure and function of teh lungs was treated of at some length, in connetion with the digestive and vascular systoms. The lungs, said the lecturer, are two organs situated in the lateral cavities of the chest, with the heart between them; they are a minute net-work of blood vessels ann air passages. Their capacity for air is thirteen pints- the termination of each zair-tube being a minute cell. The impure blood from the system is convoyed through them by vessels directly from tho heart, which divide up until they are too small to be seen without a microscope; and, after passing around the air cells where the blood gives ff its carbon and receives in place of it oxygen from the air in tho cells it returns to the heart, and from thence is forced through the the system in this purified or re-oxygenated state.To carry on this function 57 hogsheads of blood pass in and out of the lungs in 24
Some text <sup><a href="#fn1" id="ref1">1</a></sup> hours, and 24 hogsheads of blood pass through them in the same time; and consequently as there are but 24 bounds of blood in the ststem it was all subjected to this process of reoxygenation 540 times in 24 hours. These dacts were made to show the great necessity for the rapid generaiton of animal heat. The body must be maintained at a temperature of 98 degrees, and in an atmosphere of 32 degrees, 57 hogs heads of air must reveive 66 degreees of heat from the lungs in 24 hourse, besides a much larger quantity given off from the surface of the body. The generaiton of animal heat was ascribed to the combustion taking place between thoe carbon fo the blood, and oxygen of the air, in the lungs; and also between the oxygen of the blood, and carbon of the decomposing tissues in every part of the system; the body being constantly in a state of decompsition adn regeneration, and the lungs the medium through whcih the carbon is thrown off, and oxygen tken n, this last being an important element in the process of nutrition. The livr was allueded to as an accessory organ ot the lungs, adn as performing the enrire function of repiration previous to birth... 

<sup id="fn1">1. [There are 24 hours in a day.]<a href="#ref1" title="Jump back to footnote 1 in the text.">↩</a></sup>

